#Project 1 VR 4331-001

Thomas Sanchez

All rights reserved

#Credit

Teh LaughingMan: Planet Express Ship
https://poly.google.com/view/4FjZ6AzqTQI

Poly by Google: Flying Saucer
https://poly.google.com/view/fojR5i3h_nh

Alberto Calvo: Switch
https://poly.google.com/view/brxBpvrkAEA

Timothy 'YM' Johnson: Squid
https://poly.google.com/view/bUjvcUjUIfi

Hoai Nguyen: Tricerabot
https://poly.google.com/view/1FwnmJcupxI

Corentin Fatus: Poke Ball
https://poly.google.com/view/1AlBTqf2w22

Mason: Pip-Boy Model 3000 IV
https://poly.google.com/view/25Z6YXY6mSC

Tomas Bayer: Overwatch Lootbox
https://poly.google.com/view/euS1riZCDXo

Don Carson: Gramophone
https://poly.google.com/view/9MZ0sCt1REv

Alberto Calvo: Link
https://poly.google.com/view/a1vmc5a1IIG

Jarlan Perez: Toilet Paper Roll
https://poly.google.com/view/2oyXb4vEPaj

Lesley Klassen: Guest Chair
https://poly.google.com/view/e3LikHhpJsF

Danny Bittman: Couch | Wde
https://poly.google.com/view/7Q_Ab2HLll1

Jarlan Perez: Rug
https://poly.google.com/view/eYK3HHiuwRV

Colin McKibben: Flourescent Fixture
https://poly.google.com/view/b434Bd1ozKE

Danny Bittman: Standing Lamp
https://poly.google.com/view/aZyMp9TEk0I

Thomas Balouet: Mounted Lamp
https://poly.google.com/view/2KRNNF2ndWt

Maxwell Planck: Fantasy Tank
https://poly.google.com/view/4XjRDOSpazi

Vladmir Ilic: Vr-Mobil
https://poly.google.com/view/6XXj6DSBb08

Amy Hendricks: Robit
https://poly.google.com/view/b1YcejyrNtO

Poly by Google: Closet
https://poly.google.com/view/2qdm7DZVG94

Mikael Ganehag Brorsson: Server Rack:
https://poly.google.com/view/60s93Adyxvj

Like picture:
https://www.shareicon.net/approve-thumb-like-872775

Roommate of the Month Banner:
http://www.picturetopeople.org/p2p/text_effects_generator.p2p/3d_steel_text_effect

Hunter Paramore: Table
https://poly.google.com/view/7qAyGZnerYt

Poly by Google: Shelf
https://poly.google.com/view/fAfJzZmQpgY

Justin Randall: Bulb
https://poly.google.com/view/8Px7hO6zcfg

Don Carson: Camping Stuff
https://poly.google.com/view/3GSiSGRuyfT

Poly by Google: Computer Desk
https://poly.google.com/view/4U4lI91VbsO

Jonathan Granskog: Box Shelf
https://poly.google.com/view/3aAw-c_7gkO

Wesley Thompson: Garage Door
https://poly.google.com/view/4zdVu_Lk3sV

Mario Tofani: Wizard Table
https://poly.google.com/view/fpd7imG8Vxa

Don Carson: Little Bookcase
https://poly.google.com/view/74tXfxoDB9b

Ashley Alicea: Washer & Dryer
https://poly.google.com/view/fuQfwKQtq-7

Poly by Google: Bathroom
https://poly.google.com/view/3qqka8Oxe2B

RachelRunningWild: Bathroom Texture
http://rachelrunningwild.me/peachy-design-kitchen-wall-tiles-texture/sensational-kitchen-wall-tiles-texture-inspiring-25-for-room-decorating-ideas-with/

Justin Randall: Window 
https://poly.google.com/view/dwBpM-aSA_t

Lachlan Sleight: Cozy Kitchen 
https://poly.google.com/view/6bOTntCJyyK

Eric Finn: R2D2 
https://poly.google.com/view/dPgkqmBDqgH

Adrian Hon: Bedroom
https://poly.google.com/view/bbDbt2LwIfY

Remy Tauziac: Drill
https://poly.google.com/view/bhOpjMLGCVp

Poly by Google: Fireplace 
https://poly.google.com/view/6XDexoAkTD2

Poly by Google: Bed 
https://poly.google.com/view/9ycLAR71SmR

Wanja Pfl√ºger: BookShelf 
https://poly.google.com/view/15B0ihXkg3C

SBarry: Sofa 
https://free3d.com/3d-model/sofa-27121.html

Hesen: Wall HDTV 
https://free3d.com/3d-model/hd-tv-28251.html

Adrian Hon: Bar v2 
https://poly.google.com/view/9f9xBGPIrtp

Sciman101: Door 
https://poly.google.com/view/eexB7rtcCTT

m.newlove: firework.wav
https://freesound.org/people/m.newlove/sounds/118932/

kjpargeter: Black quilted texture 
https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/black-quilted-texture_871291.htm#term=leather_sofa&page=1&position=0

TCP Library: Shelf texture
http://www.tcplibrary.org/2018/01/teen-january-programs.html

Garage Texture: 
http://texturelib.com/texture/?path=/Textures/concrete/floor/concrete_floor_0059

Star texture: 
https://www.artstation.com/artwork/1De53

Scott English: StarDestoryer.obj 

All rights reserved to the Disney Corporation: Star Wars